We were really pleased with the hotel and cant fault it at all to be honest. Tea bags, cups, sugar etc was replenished every day, beds were made and cleaned every day. 
The breakfast was lovely and the staff cannot be more polite!! Extremely friendly and the cant do enough for you. 
The room itself was very nice, modern decor, comfortable and very clean with good facilities. The problem was the view, or lack of it. Occupants of the local Prison, probably have a better view.
Breakfast was of excellent quality on both days, served in a very attractive Restaurant.
Service in the hotel was however generally good with all staff appearing friendly and helpful.
The fitness suite was very good and well above that of the average hotel with a reasonably sized swimming pool and I made use of both facilities.
My room had a reasonable sized double bed, an open wardrobe with an iron and ironing board. There were tea making facilities with a working area and chair adjacent and there was an armchair.
The room generally was clean but especially the bathroom which was well lit with a bath with a particularly efficient over-bath shower and a well illuminated mirror.
We had a set christmas menu and had soup to start, not sure it was homemade as tasted like it came from a tin. The main meal was lovely, very hot, and tasty, the service was excellent and considering we had a large party was delivered quickly. The pudding was cheesecake and was acceptable and presented nicely.
The staff were fantastic and made us feel at home from the moment we walked in. Our room was clean, completely spotless in fact. I think the mattress has seen better days and is due for a change but overall was very comfortable to sleep in. 
We decided to give the spa a go - my boyfriend got a back massage whilst I picked the exfoliating scrub, both of which were great value for money.
Firstly on arrival we were very disappointed to be greeted by a girl called Helen, who could not be bothered to look at us let alone smile. I felt getting information out of her was ruining her day.
The room was large and clean. We went on a ps.i love you package which was extremely good value and included champagne and chocolates.
They gave us room with really filthy bathroom, there was mould around the bath. Double bed is made of two single mattresess so middle of the bed wasn't comfortable. Bathroom door handle snaped off. TV was blurry. Would not recommend. 
Rooms are ok but very tired. Staff are mixed - some very helpful, others much less so. Reception staff were particularly lack lustre! 
This hotel ticks all the boxes on the outside but struggles to deliver in the flesh. The staff are efficient but a bit robotic and a little cold. 
Good clean average hotel.
The rooms are adequate for an overnight stay, as are the public areas. The bar seemed very empty and without any ambience.
Upon check in we were given a room which was already occupied. 
A lot of dust on the main table... Should have been cleaned better. 


